what do you want to tell me here to
impose that I’m waiting for Ukraine or something
Here you are from Feodosia or from Kerchit where
from Kerch, in my opinion, you were following
me or something Well, I periodically looked through
some Russian
bloggers I watched this six months ago I
watched What is there  you had And why do
you keep an eye on them at all?
they piled on you that they stole a
humanitarian aid there or that I
don’t even know who the two
brothers are I don’t even
know they didn’t say
yes that you bought a car for yourself
on donat
Bought a car
maybe somewhere someone speaks for you I
say well
I’ll say
this  it seems to me that the Crimea
will be liberated at the end of summer It seems so to you
yes, well, don’t look, I
’m not a military expert, yes, that is,
I can.  In short, from the fact
that Kharkiv was allegedly liberated Kherson
was liberated, which means the next one is shorter, like
Crimea Yes, it won’t be The next Melitopol
will not be Well, it’s clear the land corridor
It seems to me that
Crimea will leave before Lugansk Donetsk
will be easier to take And
the system happened even earlier What happened
[music]
Well, let's see if yours,
for example, konashenkov, who has been deceiving
you for a whole year, the
timer has not yet arrived, he says they were killed, because wait, why is he?
that is, everything is destroyed there, everything is destroyed, they
pile on you and they also
tell you that they have destroyed Let me
draw this information from where I get this information from your channels, I
look there that the shooter says what else
yours say others there, that is, well,
where we succeed, look, we have achieved knocked
you out of the Zhytomyr region from  We weren’t there from the Kiev
region from the Chernihiv region to Kiev
Wait
as if we weren’t in Kiev in Kiev there were fights on the
streets on the outskirts
But in Kharkov itself
we decided not to go in
because there I understood that the
first hours they gave you spectators You were already
on the outskirts of the type
later  Kharkiv region in the Odessa
region you were knocked out of the island of the serpent
knocked out so from Kherson to whiten Well, even the
Donetsk region of the city of Liman was knocked out,
look you declared it your territory
you Two days later they took Liman what
can you do
in Ukraine where the city of Khmelnitsy is located
I said but how I  I can make sure that
you are in Ukraine
yesterday, I went to court to one guy like a
military man, so because there Russian
clergymen beat him there, he was beaten there for
different
ones.
here you understand, yes, how can I explain to you,
if you find yourself Yes, let’s
say under control from the Russian Federation This is how you will speak
in general
as a prisoner I will speak Yes, as well as how you
will simply turn on the back Well, I will
refer to the women’s convention and such
as others And  what do you know But we are
Orcs We need it And now look at the second question
and when Ukraine comes to Crimea you
left a Ukrainian passport
I
didn’t keep it, I tell all my subscribers
and for me it’s in my head
It was a True story because I
sold the car a long time ago and I was
sure that this passport was in the car I
was sure that he left with the car, it
turned out we were decorating the house I  climbed in and he
lies Estimate how in the spirit
nine years when you sold In what year
the car sold
probably year 15 yes That is, in the
fifteenth year you sold the car I thought
that the Ukrainian passport was in the car and
here you already know how to check the checks office
passport Found you go there passport
I  will I use it or I kept it
to me absolutely what did you
do with it you found it and did something to it
[laughter]
you live 8 years without this passport yes
like here in short you
find your Ukrainian passport in the ninth year and best
of all  on a shelf
somewhere he is looking here he is a
passport a passport of Ukraine Yes no, but
listen, why is it already on a shelf well,
really on a shelf
yes Well, where should I put it Tell me why do
you need a passport of Ukraine So I don’t why
just like Nostalgia  I understood from
nostalgia, there is no need to
look here, look here it is written, here it is called up for
military service, you see the direct
seal
Look here, I’m not called up for military service
now You see, look, now I’m not a military man in Ukraine And
you can tear off the first one with a photo,
well, wait, my photo It’s
just that
you dictate to me what I should do  there will not be a
page
go by numbering
there is where you saved it not she There is not
one number on it in my opinion there
is no number on it at all yes but behind 2 no number one number two
Look it turns out you tore off
that I'm waiting for Ukraine or something
You want to tell me
why  they are really because I
renounced Ukrainian citizenship and there’s
no [ __ ] legal here
where did you apply for renunciation where
What body accepts an application for renunciation of
citizenship
to the passport office Where are you to the passport
office if in the Crimea the passport office the
passport office wrote to you there where
where they demanded loans from the Crimeans
there and wrote in
short, nothing you didn’t renounce
citizenship No, I renounced
citizenship
and what procedure what procedure
I don’t think that you are now the Russian
Federation
I’m asking about the passport, it’s so cool
that you found it Well, it’s
real I believe in it, yes, this is a sign
from above, you understand the Lord already
[laughter]
You found this passport, what was there next to the
passport It’s their
circumstances, you found it,
I just told you  said bedside tables
like a house where exactly in which bedside table Are you
crazy bedside tables in documents I
take out documents like that, what
else was near these documents
?  sent
Honestly
Nobody two people not now not now
at all your channel someone is watching two
people are usually watching
some bottles
so that you don’t scream so much don’t
turn it off I’m a little running away I
didn’t turn off the sound I can’t hear you
turn it off So
Krasava, in short, I think
the video, I think it will be awesome
in the Crimea, really, the seams
means you counted us a Ukrainian
passport
Ukrainian passport I sold her Car
the glove compartment
comes in and, in short, thinks of my
hands from the documents home
but I'm kids, I'm such a
citizen of the Russian Federation
Look, I can tear off the page for you
where it says that I'm military obliged to the
photo page I'm not the
words Ukraine the
outline begins the denominator